# Code--Refractor
Installation: use the URL provided: https://kobac44.github.io/Code--Refractor/

No Usage Instructions

Credits:
Summer Healey; contribute to CSS coding clarity
Dwayne Fonville; contribute to HTML re-stucture
Luke Evans; contribute connecting images to the CSS

Horiseon Website:
Purpose of this Collaborative Project for this website, is contribute through editing the pre-exsisting html and css code. Thereby achieving a clear and functional as well as sustainability to the Team Marketing Collaboration or Horiseon Website.

Notes in this README. will help the next coding editor(s) make decisions that best fit the operation of this website and the overall companys online presences. 
Added the image links to the html code
This README only addresses the code fixes in the index.html and the style.css.

HTML fixes were:
Added a Title name in the <title>
Erased line 11 was not a needed html code for this site.
Added specific elements (<nav> <article> <aside>) for the sections in the <body> making my css easier to identify and navigate.
As well as giving names to their functions in css.
Removed unused <ul> <li> elements, simplified lines 22, 25, 28 hrefs.. were unclear as to their unique protocol
made adjustments to the "search-engine-optimization" "online-reputation-mamnagment" and "social-media-marketing making the code cleaner and clearer
  
The assets images in the <aside> float, was asigned that way to better identify the float itself. As well as <div> removals, and <p> edits, to support their function.
In addition to some of the html changes, I added a personal footer, based on my teams work presented in this project.
  
Syle.CSS fixes were:
1."body" content was reduced and relieved from redundants css qualities.
2 "header" was also cleaned and reduce the px in "padding and Margin" to zero, lessening the busy aspects of the css code
3 Majority of the "headers" were label ".header" this allowed the images and inline properties to work efficently. 
4 reduce some of the code in each head. Made direct changes in the css to match and make the html fuctional.
5 Changed a header to "NAV" prooerty to match the html (chose nav because a  team-mate suggested) its foremost use reduces the use of "header" (a redundantcy.
6 The container has an "aside" float that is the element I preferred using (again my colleague helped make that decision), again helping the relationship and clarity of the CSS code.
Making image changes using CSS made working on the "Horiseon" a bit smoother.

Built With:
index.html
style.css


Boost Software License - Version 1.0 - August 17th, 2003

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person or organization
obtaining a copy of the software and accompanying documentation covered by
this license (the "Software") to use, reproduce, display, distribute,
execute, and transmit the Software, and to prepare derivative works of the
Software, and to permit third-parties to whom the Software is furnished to
do so, all subject to the following:

The copyright notices in the Software and this entire statement, including
the above license grant, this restriction and the following disclaimer,
must be included in all copies of the Software, in whole or in part, and
all derivative works of the Software, unless such copies or derivative
works are solely in the form of machine-executable object code generated by
a source language processor.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT
SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS OR ANYONE DISTRIBUTING THE SOFTWARE BE LIABLE
FOR ANY DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE,
ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER
DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.




